how's the guy doesn't really seem to be
into comic books hang out in a comic
book store all the time well that's
where one of my best friends works and
two guys who I've known I've been
friends with for 1215 years so yeah and
they don't kick me out so that's you
know one of the few places I can you
know loiter and the vagrancy laws don't
really apply do you ever feel like you
have to intervene in any interactions in
the store with the customers or between
the employees and as as far as what like
I guess in another way they do they
value your opinion on things not really
I mean I don't have no expertise as far
as you know they would never I would
never be the guy that they would come to
to be like hey what do you think this
issue is worth or what do what would you
grade this condition I do intervene
though as far as sometimes when I see
people negotiating and they're so
terrible at it give a couple pointers
you know which never makes Walt happy so
just go after do you help out your
friends or do you help out yeah I've
always liked it I got it I got to go for
the little guy you know the littler guy
I would ask you I was asking all the
guys this question since I'm I'm proud
Benny I'm from North Jersey so I want to
ask you your opinion and what exit on
the Parkway does South Jersey start
South Jersey when does it start I would
say probably what would exit is brick is
at 98 88 is brick idiot then I would go
88 yeah I don't have to see 88 is where
South Jersey starts is that I always say
to people all going down the shore I'm
going to South Jersey and some friends
that live in like the Cherry Hill area
that's not South Jersey
that's Central Jersey yeah I always
thought we were Central Jersey you know
like maybe
where the turnpike starts with a 127 429
129 down to 88 I would say you give
central anything south of that South
Jersey I think north of 129 North Jersey
I know in the first episode you guys
went to the flea market in Collingswood
have you guys ever been to the one in
brick on route 70 down there I'll bet
you're Walter house I have not I've been
to cons wooden I've been to englishtown
measure to lift the two that I've been
to and I don't know Walt can remember
the name of the other one but it's
pretty far chef great way more South
than brick I can't remember yeah but to
answer your question now as well as they
you break in those plates during that
first episode remaining that was like
sterically that was like my favorite
part the first half it's dog-eat-dog out
there in the flea marketing world man I
got a I got a nerd like I said there are
no friends at those tables I have to
beat Ming by any means necessary and I
don't know there was a real you know
pump to to break in those plates up all
right well thanks for your time
appreciate it
enjoy my fuel on it thank you
you